Student: Sean Dela Pena

Professor: Dr. Sanjiv Bhatia

Date: 2/25/2021

Assignment2: The purpose of the assignment is to be familiar with Concurrent
Unix Processes and shared memory.

USAGE: ./master [-h][-s i][-t time] datafile

Problems:
	The most obvious problem of this project is that it is incomplete. It 
	does what it's supposed to except for the logging of the file, which
	I believe is the 10th grading criterion. I simply ran out of time, 
	despite the 2 day extention for the project deadline. I just had too
	many tests in the same week and it was not worth it to throw those
	tests for the sake of a part of the project. Poor time management on
	my part and I will do better next time. 

	Important note, there is a nums.txt already included in this submission
	feel free to edit the numbers out, but please make sure there isn't
	any empty new line in the file. This file at the moment contains 64 int
	generated by a random number generator. Feel free to change or edit
	the numbers.

	Another problem I experienced is that printing out the final sum doesn't,
	print the final sum but the sum before depth 1. The problem was that the
	main process was finishing before the last child prints its results. What I did
	to fix this was add a sleep just before printing out the final sum and
	cleaning everything up. It gives the last child time for it to 
	print the last result before the main finished.

	There is a sleep(10) right under the getopt while loop if you want to 
	comment that out and test the -t alarm option.

Functions:

	master functions:

	help:
		-displays the help menu
	
	powerOfTwo:
		-this takes in the number of integers in the file and gets the
		 closest power of 2 number.

	getDepth:
		-findss the depth of the tree

	freeIndex:
		-finds a free index in the pidList

	checkSArgument:
		-checks the user input for s argument, defaults to 19 if given is
		 more than 20. Returns the number of allowed children

	resetPid: 
		-sets the given pid back to 0
		-taken from a source I listed on master
	
	mySigchldHandler:
		-takes care of tracking the death of child processes
		-taken  from a source I listed on master

	killPid:
		-kills all the Pids

	ctrlC:
		-takes care of the ctrl+c signal and terminates and cleans up

	timesUp:
		-takes care of the time signal and terminates and cleans up

	bin_adder functions:

	getDepth:
		-finds the depth of the tree

	depthIndex:
		-finds the next index to be added given the depth


